[DO NOT MERGE] Update partnership docs (minor fixes) -- Do not merge until Sept 8 (#120)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/registry/providers/index.mdx

<ProviderTable />
<p></p>

## Partner Provider Development Program

> If your organization wants to join our Provider Development Program (which sets the standards for publishing providers and modules with a `Partner` badge), please take a look at our [Program Details](/docs/partnerships) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our Provider Development Program sets the standards for publishing providers and modules and marks approved providers and modules with a `Partner` badge. Refer to the [Program Details](/docs/partnerships) for details about how to join and program requirements.
```
